Now that we've decided we're going to put all of
our state into a single location called the state tree,
the next thing we need to figure out,
is how we'll actually interact with it.
If we're actually going to build a real application with our state tree,
there are three ways in which we'll need to interface with it.
First, we'll need a way of getting the state.
Second, we'll need a way to listen for when the state changes.
And third, we'll need a way to update the state.
Let's go ahead and wrap all of these things
together into a single concept called the store.
So, when we talk about the store,
we're talking about the state tree as well as three ways in which we'll interact with it,
getting the state, listening for updates to the state and updating the state.